Oh, thank you so much
for the donation.
I wish I could do more.
It’s just a bunch of old,
out-of-date clothes.
Oh, I’m sure it’s great.
Three weeks ago,
our neighbors, the Rands,
lost their house
and everything they own
in a fire.
Fortunately,
nobody was hurt.
And fortunately,
they’re friends
with Wonder Woman over here.
I’m hardly Wonder Woman.
She mobilized the community
to donate clothes,
furniture, appliances.
All to help them start over
in their new rental–
Which you found them.
I’m no Wonder Woman.
Rand-Aid was her idea.
Wasn’t my idea
to call it Rand-Aid.
Okay, fine.
I’m Wonder Woman.
Terrible tragedy.
They’re our closest friends.
We know them.
Uh, Manny and their son
Reuben are tight.
In fact, I put in
one of their closets.
Not that it matters, but it was
the only structure to survive
the fire.
Por favor,
don’t even say that word.
In my country, it is considered
very, very bad luck...
when your house burns down.
Th-They lived
a block away from us.
Smoke was everywhere.
I was so upset, I couldn’t sleep
for days.
Of course, Mitchell
won’t let me take anything.
Well, Cam, we both know why.
Some people have been known to
sleepwalk or even sleep-drive
on that medication.
Cam’s reaction is much worse.
[ Shouting ]
Oh! No!
[ Both Shouting ]
Oh, God! Oh, God.
[ Groans ]
I sleep-clown.
[ Groaning ]
Dad, you’re gonna
kill yourself.
[ Jay ] I got it.
We’re on a schedule here.
I still have to
pick up the truck.
If you want him to
stop lifting things,
put all this in grocery bags
and turn the TV on
to a football game.
Oh, take this phone
away from me.
Why?
Two of our best brokers left
to start their own agency,
and the office gossip
is flying.
But I want today to be about
the Rands, and if I have this–
[ Phone Chirps ]
Oh, my God.
Those guys took two secretaries
and the tube dude with them.
Who’s the tube dude?
You know, the blowy guy
that attracts all the attention.
This guy.
Ah, sí, I’ve seen him.
He goes down with the air,
and then he shakes up.
He goes down in the air,
and then up–
You almost got it. Yeah.
- and then goes down.
- Hi, hi. Sorry.
We would’ve been here sooner,
but this one had
a wardrobe crisis.
You know,
it’s a somber occasion,
and all my tops are too joyful.
You do not want
our problems.
[ Claire ] No.
Here, Jay,
let me–
No, I got it.
Ah! My back!
Dad!
No, Jay,
that’s not quite it.
Remember, you got air
blowin’ through you.
So it’s more like–
And then out and then out.
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey ♪♪
Leave me alone.
I’m fine.
I’ve gotta pick up that truck.
[ Groans ]
- I’d be happy to get the truck.
- I don’t think so.
It’s a pretty big truck.
Oh. Is it– Is it bigger than
the combine I’ve been driving
since I was 12 years old?
Or the windrow tractor
with MacDon header...
that I drove to and parallel
parked at my high school prom?
Hmm?
At least something
got plowed that night.
[ Cameron ]
Heard that.
- Son of a bitch!
- Your low back is
in spasm, Jay.
I can massage that
out for you.
I’m fine.
Dad, you don’t know
what you’re missing.
Phil is a magician.
And a licensed masseur.
Before I heard the siren song
of residential real estate,
I was bitten by the rub bug.
No, he’s-he’s amazing.
I had this knot in my leg.
Two minutes with Phil,
and it was gone.
I’m sorry, but I think you might
have a higher tolerance...
for a man’s hands
on your body than I do.
Charming.
Ay, don’t be an idiot.
Let Phil help you.
- Fine.
- Great! I’ll just
go get the room ready.
You’ll be surprised
with what these hands can do.
Really? Can they drive
a Bobcat skid-steer
with a bucket grapple...
through a school hallway
on a dare?
Because these can, and have.
[ Jay Groans ]
Poor Reuben, huh?
Having to rebuild
his whole life at age 12.
Yeah.
That blows.
I know we’re both shaken up,
but let’s watch the language.
Okay, put this
in a safe place.
It’s for Reuben.
It’s one of those, um,
how do you say again?
[ Imitating Helicopter ]
Is that the helicopter
with the camera in it that
you control with your phone?
The one I asked for?
Okay, when your house burn down,
you get one of these.
No, don’t burn your house down.
[ Scoffs ]
How lucky is Reuben?
So lucky.
You know what?
I say we take this thing out
and see how she flies.
I don’t know.
My mom got it for Reuben.
Oh, so now he won’t even
share his toys?
He never does.
Screw that guy!
Yeah!
You’re a terrible influence.
You need me.
Claire, in case
you want to add something,
I put the box of dresses
outside, and this is the box
of snicker-snackers.
Mmm.
Thanks.
Mitchell, we did have something
to add to this box of, um,
[ Imitating Gloria ]
snicker-snackers.
- What? [ Chuckles ]
- English is not
her first language.
- She’s just trying to help.
- Mitchell, come on.
You can’t do that.
You can’t
just change the rules.
It’s what we do.
When Gloria says something
silly, we innocently laugh
behind her back.
Come on.
She’s had a rough week,
all right?
She’s really worried
about tía María Cecilia
and that surgery.
Oh, and then she lost
her cell phone at Pilates.
- How do you know this?
- We have coffee.
Oh, "have."
So when did this
become, like, a thing?
What’s the big deal?
We’re friends.
I like Gloria.
Uh, it’s no big deal. It’s–
I have nothing against her.
I just think– Oh!
All right.
So before you get all judgey,
I gave her that vase.
[ Scoffs ]
After I gave it to you.
You couldn’t part
with that T-shirt?
[ Sighs ]
I love this shirt.
You know,
you don’t have to look
the way you look.
Amber Rand lost all her clothes
in a fire, but she gets to build
herself a new wardrobe.
[ Inhales ]
Let me burn your clothes.
[ Claire ]
Girls, get down here!
There’s a lot of work to do!
[ Groans ] She’s in a mood.
You know what
we have to do, right?
There’s no way
you’re my real sister!
I hate you!
I can’t believe–
You’re the most selfish,
shallow–
That’s it!
I cannot take the fighting!
Just get out of the house.
Works every time.
You know, I don’t even want
to drive the truck anymore,
even though on the farm I was–
I can’t take
another farm story.
Yay!
You might want to
take someone with you.
The thing’s been parked there
six months.
You’re gonna want to
hose it down, sweep for spiders.
Good news, girls.
You’re goin’ with Uncle Cam.
Huh?
Yay.
[ Jay ]
The pain must’ve been
pretty bad...
if I was asking Phil for help.
His need for my approval
is exhausting.
In 10 years,
I’ve asked him for one thing–
to hook up my wireless printer.
He still won’t shut up about it.
[ TV: Male Announcer ]
How’s that printer workin’ out
for you?
Still lovin’ that printer, huh?
If your printer
breaks from here,
I can fix it on my phone.
Can you?
I can, but I don’t need to,
because I fixed it forever.
Just once, I wish
he wouldn’t make such a big deal
about everything.
♪♪ [ Speakers: New Age ]
Okay. Now just disrobe
and place the towel
over your buttocks.
[ Affected Voice ]
Ridin’ the open road
in a big rig like this...
sure can work up
a man’s powerful appetite.
We’ve gone five blocks.
[ Normal Voice ]
Do you want a burger or not?
I could eat.
Hey, Alex, maybe Uncle Cam will
let you borrow his hat later.
You know, since you dress
like a dude.
I like the way I dress.
Uncle Cam, as her future
prom date, will you please
talk to her? You know fashion.
First of all,
you’re each beautiful
in your own way.
But you’re both
playing for second, because
I’m too sexy for this truck.
I have to say, you do
drive it surprisingly well.
Yeah, who’d have thought?
Surprising?
What, that-that a gay man
can drive a truck?
You know,
I expect that kind of thinking
from Jay’s generation.
But from
our future generation?
No.
Wow. This place got crowded.
[ Alex ]
Oh. You’re really
wedged in there.
You want us to help
guide you out?
That question?
It was like a hate crime.
[ Engine Starts ]
[ Alarm Beeping ]
[ Horn Honks ]
[ Brakes Screech ]
Sorry!
- Hey, you’re really close
on this side.
- Yeah, I see it.
- Careful!
- I’m being careful.
- [ Both Gasp ]
- Gasping? Really?
[ Both Gasp ]
Holding hands.
We’re not in a nosedive.
[ Gasping ]
Look, if it would make you feel
better, get out and guide me.
Okay, come on.
Let’s go.
Please don’t yell at me,
but there’s not enough room.
Okay, climb over.
[ Screams ]
[ Thud ]
You’re fine.
You know, the Native Americans
believed that burning sage
kept bad energy away.
How’d that
work out for ’em?
Get to the back.
That’s the spirit.
[ Whispers ]
Thank you.
Now I just need to
make sure that the oil
is a perfect 98.6.
And it is perfect.
Now, I want you to take
a deep breath,
and let me transport you
to a land I call Relaxistan.
Oh, what the hell?
Get off me!
I knew this was a terrible–
Oh, Mama Lucian,
that’s good.
Shh.
[ Moans ]
So you want to try it?
Uh, I don’t know.
I’m still feeling guilty.
It’s Reuben’s helicopter.
Reuben is the whole reason
we should be doing this.
He’s barely-living proof that
life can change in a second.
You gotta grab what you can
when you can.
What is this hold
you have on me?
Wow.
- Okay, now ease up.
- Okay, I’m easing up.
- Okay, it’s not working.
- Get ahold of yourself, Manny!
She’s getting away!
- I can’t hold her!
- Give it to me!
Mayday! Mayday!
Oh, well.
What do you mean, "Oh, well"?
My mom’s gonna kill us.
Us?
You were flying it.
I was in the attic,
packing boxes.
You’re gonna help me find it,
or the next search
will be for you.
I like this guy.
Where’s he been?
Just relax.
Let me know
if I’m hurting you.
Are you kidding me?
It’s fantastic.
I love you.
This.
I love this.
It just slipped out.
Those are the worst three words
I could say to Phil.
I was just praying
he would let it go and
not make a big deal about it.
[ Phil ]
Oh, my God.
This is huge.
Jay, I’m sorry.
I need a minute.
[ Footsteps ]
[ Door Opens ]
Son of a bitch!
Son of a bitch.
Oh, these are fantastic.
Why is Manny
getting rid of ’em?
He said that
they were last season.
I used to
have a pair like these.
I can never find ’em anymore.
Oh, there’s an outlet store.
They don’t have men’s size,
but I’m sure the biggest size
for boys will fit you perfectly.
- I’ll take you.
- All right, it’s a date.
Oh. Another date.
Claire, I heard
what happened
with the vase,
but I don’t want you
to worry about it.
I’m so sorry.
I should’ve told you
about that sooner.
I just–
I have really been shaken
by this whole fire thing.
You know,
life is... so fragile.
I know.
Like a vase.
You tattled on me?
She asked me about it.
What was I supposed to do?
[ Scoffs, Snorts ]
[ Cackling ]
Why are you making
those cruel sounds
with your mouth?
You don’t see it?
You’re turning Gloria
into Mom.
What?
Mm-hmm.
First, you got
all defensive of her,
and then you tattled
on me to her.
That’s exactly what you did
with old Mom. It’s what
you’re doing with new Mom.
Okay, okay. Only you
could make my friendship
with Gloria into something ugly.
Don’t get me wrong.
I think it’s sweet.
We’ve all got our thing.
You have mommy issues.
I do not have mommy issues.
Okay, so I pick you up
tomorrow.
We go get you
your big boy pants,
and then we go and get
a little ice cream, okay?
Perfect.
I don’t want to hear it.
Ay. You still
don’t feel very good?
I told Phil I loved him.
Oh–
It was an accident, but you know
how he gets with that stuff.
Ay, I know.
Jay, can I talk to you later
about what just happened?
Yeah.
Thanks.
Geez,
I just worked that out.
You’re screwed.
Today is the biggest day
of my life.
Just relax.
Let me know
if I’m hurting you.
[ Phone Vibrates ]
Are you kidding me?
It’s fantastic.
I love you.
This.
I love this.
Oh, my God.
This is huge.
Jay, I’m sorry.
I need a minute.
The two guys
who left the firm...
asked me to quit my job
and partner with them
at the new agency.
Big opportunity,
big risk.
And they need an answer
by the end of the day.
I don’t always
make great decisions
under pressure.
What the hell is that?
An alpaca.
I got the last one!
[ Man ] Come on, man!
Move that truck!
[ Horn Honks ]
[ Screeches ]
I hate you!
Okay, so I flirted
with a table of truckers
who have offered to help us.
No! No help!
I’ve come too far.
Have you?
Hey, they don’t sell pizzas
at this restaurant!
You parked here illegally.
Congratulations, sir.
You’re destroying America.
Hey, there are
no cars behind us. Go.
Gun it!
[ Alarm Beeping ]
- [ Haley ] Oh! Oh!
- All right! Okay!
All right, everybody, relax!
We’re fine! We’re fine!
We are not fine!
And we’re all smushed!
And we’re scared!
And we’re tilted
at a 30 degree angle!
Nerd!
And we’re dirty
and tired and late!
[ Horn Honks ]
Okay, can you please
just be quiet?
Why couldn’t we have just
asked for help?
’Cause I’m teaching you girls
a very valuable lesson–
that gay men can do anything
straight men can do.
Yeah, we know that.
Do you think you’re
the only gay guy that we know?
Yeah.
My soccer coach is gay.
Our pediatrician.
My Latin tutor.
Nerd!
Our electrician.
Then why were you
so surprised when I said
I could drive a truck?
Not because you’re gay,
because you’re you.
And by the way, you can’t.
Okay, wow.
I guess I owe you
an apology.
I made a leap there.
I’m just used to dealing
with stereotypes.
I’m a little sensitive
about it.
Oh. Hey, there’s that trucker
that I talked to. Hey!
Excuse me. Hi!
Could you give us a hand,
please?
Sure thing, sweetie.
[ Sighs ]
Oh, like she’ll
be able to help us.
[ TV: Football Game ]
Oh, boy, do you have
the right idea.
I could use a little break from
the mother and child reunion
going on down there.
Don’t ask.
Mitchell’s turning Gloria
into Mom.
Bam! It’s out. Hmm.
You remember the way Mom
and Mitchell used to be...
in their private little club?
Just the two of them,
no one else allowed in.
Well– [ Chuckles ]
It’s happening again.
But this time around,
it’s happening with your wife.
You should see them down there.
It’d actually be adorable
if it weren’t so sick.
I just–
You know, I feel like
Mitchell is a grown man,
he has a child,
and he’s still working out
some psychodrama
from 20 years ago.
Daddy, can I have
a sip of your beer?
Thanks.
Oh, my God.
Mitchell cozies up to Mom.
I go running to Daddy.
I’m the one
who’s turning Gloria into Mom,
which is really disturbing,
since we’re the same age.
[ Sighs ]
You’re older.
Oh.
Oh, that’s where
we’re gonna chime in.
Will you hurry up?
I’m saving my strength,
’cause if we don’t find
this helicopter,
I’m walking to Canada.
[ Scoffs ]
Hope you like taxes.
Hey, that’s our helicopter!
Is it, now?
I’m sure you have the proper
documentation for that.
Just give it back.
It’s ours.
You guys are bullies.
They can’t be bullies.
They’re nerds.
Don’t pigeonhole us.
We can be both.
Oh.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Horn Honks ]
Is there an issue here?
Uncle Cam,
I got this.
Oh, my God,
it’s Alex Dunphy.
So awesome.
What’s the problem here, boys?
These geeks won’t give us back
our helicopter
that we took from Reuben.
Is that right,
Abraham?
Oh, my God,
she knows your name.
Helicopter, please.
I love you.
What just happened?
You have your fans,
I have mine.
Someday, your fans
are going to work
for my fans.
Oh. Um, Gloria,
do you mind if I talk
to Mitchell alone for a minute?
It’s okay.
I already know what you said,
and I think it’s crazy.
Mitchell is not making me
his mommy.
No, I know, he’s not.
But I think that I might be.
Okay, now you’re going
really, really crazy,
because I am younger than you.
Mmm, by 14 months,
so let’s settle down.
[ Sighs ]
What is going on
with you today?
I– All right,
I’m working this out as I go.
I think maybe seeing you
get all buddy-buddy
today with Gloria...
made me feel like it did
when you were with Mom.
And-And– I don’t know,
I-I felt like the odd man out.
Okay. Well,
that’s how I used to feel
with you and Dad.
I know.
I know. We-We chose teams,
even during the divorce, and–
Okay, the last couple of years,
you and I have been
our own team, you know?
And I don’t want that
to go away.
So, I guess I just felt
a little left out today.
Shut up.
[ Sniffles ]
Okay, can you two
try hugging a box...
so that your poor mother
doesn’t have to do
all the hard work?
I am sorry, Gloria,
about all the mom stuff today.
I just– I got this crazy idea
that you like Mitchell
better than me.
I do like Mitchell
better than you.
Why?
Ay, please.
Are you going to
honestly tell me...
that I’m
your favorite person
in this family?
I’m not even
your favorite Colombian
in this family.
I would love
to get closer to you.
You have my number.
But call me quickly,
because I book up.
You never saw me!
There you are.
I really need to
talk to you.
You really don’t.
Jay, please.
It’s about work.
I got a text
during your massage.
I’ve been offered
a partnership
in a new agency.
Oh.
Good for you.
Well, I’m not so sure.
I mean, there’s-there’s
a big upside, but I have
a stable job right now.
I have three kids,
and at least one of ’em’s
going to college.
Worst-case scenario,
they all go.
Well, what does Claire think?
I haven’t told her yet.
I wanted to
talk to you first.
You’ve done this.
Well, I think that there’s
only really one question.
Whether I’m ready
to run my own company?
Nah, you’re great with people.
We know you’re a good salesman.
You’ve managed to provide
a good living in tough times.
Then what?
Is this the right time?
Never a perfect time.
House could burn down tomorrow.
Question is, do you want this?
Yeah.
Yeah, I really want it.
Then gamble on yourself.
I’d gamble on you.
I’m gonna do it.
There you go.
[ Chuckles ]
Thanks, Jay.
Hey, look,
I know you were reluctant
to get that massage,
but I think we can both agree
it had a happy ending.
Please don’t say that.
If I could only save
one possession in a fire–
Probably my first set
of golf clubs.
My old man gave ’em to me.
Here, I got it.
No, no, no.
[ Gloria ]
The engagement ring that Jay
gave me that changed my life.
[ Mitchell ]
Lily’s adoption papers.
[ Cameron ]
I was gonna say
adoption papers.
So I guess then I would say
my mama’s recipe book.
[ Phil ]
All our family photos...
which I keep on my iPad,
so my iPad.
[ Claire ]
As long as I had my family,
I wouldn’t need anything else.
[ All Groan ]
What?
You say somethin’ like that,
it makes us all seem petty.
Yeah.
I know.
[ All ]
Boo!
[ Chuckles ]
Hiss!
[ Laughing ]
Shh. Cam’s sleeping.
I don’t want to wake him.
He’s had a rough day.
Not as rough
as Grandpa’s truck.
[ Laughing ]
Shh.
Thank you so much for driving
me.
I really didn’t want to ride
in that big rig.
It was amazing.
Everybody was honking,
and I learned, like,
five new curse words.
Mostly from Cam.
Shh!
[ Laughing ]
[ Cameron ] I’m glad
I could give you a laugh today.
I didn’t know that’s
what I was to you people,
a big joke.
No, honey, it wasn’t like that.
No, we didn’t mean–
- Uncle Cam, we love you.
- Save it.
I’m going back to bed.
So he’s still doing that?
Yeah, yeah. But we’re workin’
on it.